# Sales Analysis
Insights:
Analysing the dataset we have reached to some inshights of the data, which will be as follows:
  1. Clothing has the most sales where beauty products has the least.
  2. Electronics products genetrate more revenue where books generates less.
  3. Revenue is generated Maximum in North America and Minimum in Europe.
  4. Maximum sales in Asia is of sports Products, where in Europe it is of Home Appliances , and in North America its is for Electronics Products.
  5. Minimum sales in Asia is of Clothing products, where in Europe it is of Beauty Products , and in North America its is for Books.
  6. Monday has a Maximim sale and Friday has Minimum sales.

Conclusion:
With the help of above insights i have reached to some conclusions which are:
  1. We have to increase the marketing of beauty products in order to incrase its overall sales performance.
  2. Electronics products are at number 4 according to sales report, but the revenue generated by it is at the peak. It means that it has more profit margin other      than any product. Therefore it is important to increase or maintain the sales of Electronic Products.
  3. According to revenue report , revenue genererated in the Europe region is very less. In Europe, Home Appliances sales is good, therefore we have to increase       the sales of it more and also have to focus on Europe region to increase overall revenue.
  4. According to analysis , Monday and Wednesday have most sales, there for it is necessary to understand the importance of those days and attract more costumers      by offering various offers on those days. 
